Fear of failure :-

Alcohol is better than tobacoo - It has been used for since the ancient of ancient times for sexual activites. 

Lifes aim:
1. Get More Money Strting with first milestone of 1 cr and then will add 1 cr every year.
The thing is once I will reach that 1 cr which will be the only milestone to the toughest to cross.
Once reaching that milestone of 1 cr, I could easily cross others of 2 cr, 3 cr etc. The reason is
when someone reaches that milestone, they carry that potential and that momentum already, which drives
them to reach the subsequent milestones easier than than the last ones. Another reason is that they will 
be having that kind of income stream (may be more than 1 or if 2 then both are giving good returns, or first or second 
is giving better returns) which is giving good return. Only thing is that, person should have time in their hand, both
for reaching first milestone and crossing the subsequent milestones.

2. Use those money to make myself more productive in a day.

3. Use that money to give a better life standards to my dependents (family).

4. Use that money to make your retirement age enjoyful and productive and healthy.

Timesheet addition:-
new column just under 270 minutes work1 and work2:
			were you able to complete you DWT (daily work targets)
			within 270 minutes block - Yes/No
- You should bite as much as you can chew.
- It can give you a peace of mind, otherwise this can also 
has the potential to make personal life out of balance.
So always make sure that whatever I take, I shoudl finish
atleast the DWT within 270 minutes. Or else I need to reassess 
my mistate and imporve on it every next day.
- Cut the slack, Cut the corners, Do it with Speed or SAC (Speed Accuracy Concentration)
- Dont' focus on quality, quantity matters here the most.
			
Pudina Satva (4.0 mg): Mint extract is commonly used in chewing gum for its refreshing taste and potential breath-freshening properties.
Pudina Spiceta (13.0 mg): This likely refers to mint essential oil, which also contributes to the refreshing taste and aroma of the gum.

It is not like that you have to do only work (work1/work2/learning) related activity, then only you would be not wasting your time.
In actual if you are involved in any of the PPWs (two types of PPWs - 1. Work(work1/work2/learning) related PPWs and 2. second is personal ppws.), then also
you would not be wasting your time or presious minutes. To start with and to give more preference, you shoudl select the ppws items mentioned in your task list.
Select any random item which you like and start working on it.

Work on refining the defintion of ppws.
Definition of PPWs:
1. Work (work1/work2/learning)
2. Personal


1. The most important thing to analyse is your last day. Think on below things:


2. Speed makes the effort negligible. You will literally not feel like  you have put any effort in accomplishing something which you did it.
That's the magic of speed.


