

Every column in my sheet, starting from column H is denoting the date. For example H column is Mon 1 January, I column is Tue 2 January etc.
I have configured date starting from January from column H till march 31st column CT. I want the column having the current date next to column E. Can you write a script a script for this.

https://gemini.google.com/app/21b61af30c2c16c7

1. Accenture offer letter
2. Mindgate - offer letter
3. Abm -

I am going to negotiate a salary with TCS India hr. I am an indian please tell me the conversation in indian terms. My current package at Accenture is 15.5 lac per annum.
I have 7.9 years of total Java experiece. My notice period is 90 days in my present company Accenture. By the time, I will join TCS,
my experiece will be 8 years in total. I have a very solid java foundation, also I posseses good set of skill sets. Also I am looking for 
upgrading to a full (front-end and backend in the coming years.). The hr asked me what's my expectation. I said 24 lac per annum ctc, based on 
my experiece. I belive they will negotiate the salary till 22 lac. But I don't want to go any further down from 23.5 lac max. I want it to go further only if possible. 

Below is the TCS salary information. You can do your own research and correct or imporve the information quality given as under as per you anaysis and your online research.

TCS offers a combination of fixed and variable compensation to its employees.

Here's a breakdown:

Fixed component:

Base salary: This is the guaranteed monthly amount you receive.
Allowances: These are fixed amounts given for things like housing, travel, and food.
Other fixed components: May include gratuity, superannuation, and provident fund contributions.
Variable component:

Performance bonus: This is based on your individual and team performance, as well as company performance. The percentage can vary from 10-20% of your base salary, and achieving 100% depends on meeting specific targets.
Special incentives: This may include rewards for exceeding expectations, acquiring new skills, or completing special projects.
Overall percentage:

It's difficult to give a specific percentage breakdown as it depends on various factors like your role, experience, location, and performance. However, generally, the fixed component forms the larger portion, usually around 70-80%, while the variable component can be around 20-30%.

Additional points:

TCS assures a certain percentage of employees receive full variable pay, often around 70%.
The remaining variable pay depends on individual and company performance.
You can find more details about your specific compensation structure in your offer letter.

Based on the above information. Could you give me set of conversation which can happen and the conversation which I can drive while negotiating.
I want my goal of getting fixed 24 lac per annum fuilfilled. And I also want to get some extra benefits if possible. 
One more thing to consider is that, 2 years back when I tried to negotiate the salary with the smae company tcs (same regin Chennai but different HR person), I think they didn't even come up with next round. They rejected the candidature in the first round only. Also TCS is going through mass regignation as they have made work from home or hybrid work model totally obsolete and they are forcing their employees to go to office 5 days a week, unlike other companies which require thier employees to go to office only 3 days week in hybird work model.

