Estimate The Time First And Then Start rule - As per this rule, you must first assess or estimate the time required to finish a particular work. Then you must try to finish it within or around that time.
After assuming do the work priority wise only but choose those which is taking lesser time to finish. For instance you started with high priority tasks. You found out that you have 5 high priority taks. Two of them could be done in 30 mins each. So now if you finish those two first,then psychologically it will not only be of much releif to you that you already finish two high priority task in a day within 1 hours of start of your day, but because you can now do other 3 high priority taks in a cool head mind (even if they are a complex one and without any tensiion that you have 2 task still in hand which isn’t yet started) which are taking let’s say 1 task is going to take 2 hous and the other two will take 3 hours each.

You can use this startegy with any kind of task, work1, work2, pesonal etc.

While making Daily ToDoList (for the day) - You can mark the timings required to finish each taks against each task.

Advantage :-
Psychological Impact - In you day routine, when you know a particular work will take how much time, then you will be able to finish it with proper motivatinon and interest. It’s totally psychological. It tells yours brain that it’s not going to take much longer. Otherwise your brain just assumes (if you don’t think over the time it can take) that a particular work will take longer only. And thus makes your feel bored or lazy in doing that work.
For example, let’s say if you know that to finish a particaulr work can take approx 30 mins. Let’s say that work be going outside and buying a particualr product.




ToDoList can of two types, 
Daily ToDoList :-
As said by Jim Kwik in an interview, make at least 3 personal goals and 3 professional goals(mostly required if self employed/startup/business otherwise set by employer) to finish in a day.
Most of the time Professional goals are already predefined by the employer if not working or self employed. So left are Personal goals, which are also at times as equally important as Professional goals.
In Short,
if working for some other organisation then set personal goals in the daily toDoList mostly. You can have certain professional daily goals as well. But not required as it will be set by the employer. Goals such as filling the investment proof for the month, sending mail to HR etc.
If self employed or doing your own business or startup then you can have a Personal as well as Professional daily toDoList.


Make a habit of making it everyday. It is like winning every battle before going for a war. You cannot win the war, if you cannot win a battle.
You have to win everyday, and to get that win you must finish your daily toDoList. It’s like winning every single day.

Use daily toDoList Wisely to achieve more productive in a day
	
	How to make daily toDoList?
Step1 : Identiy the task
Step 2 : Mark priority against each task as High, Medium, Low
Step 3 : Eastimate the time which will be required to finsih each task and mention against each task.
Follow Estimate The Time First And Then Start rule.
Step 4 : Now start as per Estimate The Time First And Then Start rule.
		
Weekly ToDoList :- Put anything in this basket which you want to finish or achieve or get in this week. There are some tasks which can easily be done on weekends, so put those in this list and of course priority matters always.

Daily Routine :-
Morning Routine (20 min learning + 20 mins Exercise + 20 Meditation)
4.30 am - wake up
4.30 am - 5 am - Learning
5.00 am - 5.45 am - Exercise

6.00 am - 7.00 am - Going for bringing milk + Morning walk
7.00 am - 9.30 am - Sleep time

9.30 am - 10.30 am - Getting ready

10.30 am - 11.00 am - breakfast

11.00 am - Starting work
11.00 am - 2.00 pm - High priority tasks
2.00 pm - 5.30 pm - work

5.30 pm - 6.00 pm - Break

6.00 pm - 9.30 pm - work 

There are three thing you must refrain from in order to make your life better :-
1. Intoxication
2. Masturbation and sexual thoughts
3. Over Binge watching

Sat - Should be the time to relax and do less work.

Sun - Your weekdays should start not from Mon but it should start from Sun itself.
